When must you conduct a security search?	At the beginning of each aircraft service day	After servicing	If the aircraft is left unattended and unsecured	For all departures from the US to a non-US location	For all arrivals from from a non-US location when a/c arrives in US							
What must be done for an aircraft to be considered secured?	If jetway is attached, doors from ramp to jetway closed and secured	If jetway is attached, door from concourse closed and secured or attended	Aicraft is attended	All aircraft doors are closed, and the jetway is removed	Aircraft is parked remotely with all doors closed and stairs retracted or removed	Shut and secure cargo doors						
What areas must be searched in the passenger cabin?	Overhead bins	Lavatories	Trash Receptacles	Under/around seats	Closets	Seat Back Pockets	Galleys (everywhere!)	Storage Bins	Seat Backs	Life Vests	Anything that moves or opens	
Where will you find seals that need to be inspected?	Life Vests	Lavatory Ceiling Panels	Lav Shroud									
What are the exterior panels that must be searched?	Potable Water	Lav Service Panel	PC Air	Pneumatic Air 	GPU Access Panel	Cargo Bins						
Name the individs or entities that must be notified if something suspicous is found during the a/c search.	GSC	Manager/Supervisor	AOSC	SOC	Local LEO	FSD						
List areas of the a/c or specific items that are not inspected by a customer service or ramp agent.	Flight Deck	Tail Cone of the B717	Emergency Equipment	Behind Sealed panels	Any exterior panel that is pressurized							
In the galley area, what must be inspected?	Each compartment	Catering Carts--pull out the drawers!	Trash Receptacles	Jump Seat	Closet 							
What must be searched in and around a seat?	Tray Tables and storage compartment	Seat Back Pocket	Between the Seats	Between Seats and Fuselage	Seat Cushion	Life Vest 	Under the Seat					
What are the steps to seal the life vest on a B717?	Fold the flaps	Align Eyelets	Make sure ribbon is on outside	Attach 3 red seals								
What are some indications a seal has been tampered with?	Missing	Not sticking	Seal is gone, residue left behind									
What must be included in the lavatory portion of the security search?	Behind the mirror	Below the sink	Security seal on the ceiling panel	Security seal on the lav shroud	Any other panel that opens							
Name the 3 areas the aircraft operator is resonsible for controlling access.	Baggage Rooms	Bag make-up rooms	Non-public areas (AOA, SIDA, Secured Area)									
What security inspections are required for catering?	Visual inspection of carts and supplies	Pull 25% of trays in each cart	Physical search of inside of transport vehicle